Document Maesh and SMI (#356)
containous/maesh: docs/content/install.md

If you use a cluster domain other than `cluster.local` set it by using the `clusterDomain` parameter:

```bash
helm install --name=maesh --namespace=maesh maesh/maesh --set clusterDomain=my.custom.domain.com
```

## Service Mesh Interface

Maesh supports the [SMI specification](https://smi-spec.io/) which defines a set of custom resources
to provide a fine-grained control over instrumentation, routing and access control of east-west communications.

> To enable SMI, install maesh in SMI mode by setting the `--smi.enable` and `--smi.deploy` options to true.

Reviewer: I don't think these should have `--`

Author: Nice catch, thanks !

> To enable SMI, install maesh in SMI mode by setting the `--smi.enable` and `--smi.deploy` options to true.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable SMI, install maesh in SMI mode by setting the `smi.enable` and `smi.deploy` helm chart options to true.
```

```bash
helm install --name=maesh --namespace=maesh maesh/maesh --set smi.enable=true --set smi.deploy=true`
```

> - The `smi.enable` option tells Maesh to process SMI resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `smi.enable` option makes Maesh process SMI resources.
```

> - The `smi.deploy` option controls if the SMI CRDs are deployed with the helm chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `smi.deploy` option makes Maesh deploy the SMI CRDs with the helm chart.
```

## Installation namespace

> Maesh does not _need_ to be installed into the `maesh` namespace,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maesh does not _need_ to be installed in the `maesh` namespace,
```
